●  What is Emmet? 

Emmet is built in feature in Visual Studio Code .Emmet prevents you writing the entire Code by yourself by providing Emmet abbreviation.
It is enabled by default .

●  Difference between a Library and Framework? 

Library--It performs a set of specific and well defined operations.Examples
Network protocols,compression,image manipulation,string utilities,
Libraries typically focus on a narrow scope 

Framework--It is known to be skeleton where the application defines the content of the operation
by fillling out the skeleton.
It has a wider scope and includes almost everything necessary to make a user application as per his own needs

inversion of control
IOC--When we call a method from a library, we are in control .But on framework the framework call us
●  What is CDN? Why do we use it? 
it stands for content delivery network
it is a network that helps to speed up web page loading for web users.It is spread all over the world
as usage of internet is everywhere.
uses   

Improved performance, scalability,reliability and redundancy  ,bandwidth savings and security
●  Why is React known as React? 

React is named react because of its main concept it reacts to changes in data.
the core concept behind react is the concept of virtual DOM
when data changes in react application instead of directly manipulating the DOM, react creates a virtual 
representaion of DOM in memory, compares it with the previous state,and then calculates the most efficient way to update the DOM
The name react refelects the reactive nature of the framework

●  What is crossorigin in script tag? 
The crossorigin attribute in a script tag is used to specify how the browser should handle requests
made to load the script from a different origin  than the one hosting the current web page.
it is used for security purpose

3 possible cross origin attribute
anonymous--default value  crossorigin="anonymous"

use credentials  

3.empty string or absent--it will handle the request according to the CORS 


●  What is diference between React and ReactDOM 

react is a library for building user interfaces, while reactDOM is the package responsible for rendering react components
into the DOM and managing interactions with THE DOM .they work together to enable the creation of dynamic and interactive user interfaces on the web.


●  What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 

The file is intended for use during development.it conatins additional debugging information,error💆
and warnings that can be helpful for developers
it is large compared tom prod one

Prod file is optimized .It does not include the extra debugging information and warnings 


●  What is async and defer? 

They both are attributes used to control the loading and execution of scripts in HTML documents

with async executing scipts asynchronously as soon as they are avilable and defer executing scripts after the HTML documents
has been fully parsed before the DOMContent Loaded event is fired